---
layout: post
title: Bulgakov Moments
image: images/backgrounds/bulgakov.jpg
current: current
---

##Bulgakov Moments
In 1916, newly qualified doctor Mikhail Bulgakov was sent to a remote rural area of Russia, surrounded by snow and forest, to run a medical practice without any senior colleagues to guide him. His early experiences led him to write ‘A Country Doctor’s Notebook’, a vivid account of these first months and how it feels to be confronted with the raw, urgent, messy reality of clinical practice, after the safe and clean world of formal training and education.

Although today’s physicians may not have to deal with wolves and such total isolation, many early in their careers still experience that sense of sheer terror and loneliness at crisis moments. These are moments for which no formal training can prepare you, when there is no-one else who can take responsibility.

Afterwards, physicians may not feel able to discuss what they have been through, even though it may be a truly formative moment. A new Theatrescience project aims to explore, record and share these experiences, using them to create a new performance.

This project, supported by the Royal College of Physicians, will provide opportunities for physicians to share these moments in one-to-one interviews, to explore and appreciate their significance, and for them to be archived for future use.

Theatrescience’s work has focused on the human and societal impact of medical science, using drama as a highly effective way to explore and understand these issues. For more information on the project, visit [www.theatrescience.org.uk](http://www.theatrescience.org.uk)

	
	